README.md, before:

---
home: true
heroImage: /oec-hero.png
actionText: Get Started →
actionLink: /guide/organisation/01-introduction.html
footer: GPL-3.0 Licensed | Copyright © 2019-present Till Sanders
---

<div style="text-align: center">
  <Bit/>
</div>

::: warning PROJECT STATUS
Version 1.0.0 is still under development and coverage of automated tests is not complete. It can already be used in production. Sign up for our [newsletter](http://eepurl.com/gRApTD) to stay in the loop.
:::

<div class="features">
  <div class="feature">
    <h2>Free & Open Source</h2>
    <p>
      As open and transparent as our democracies should be. Available for free under the
      <a href="https://github.com/open-election-compass/client/blob/master/LICENSE" rel="noindex,nofollow">
        GPL 3.0 license
      </a>.
    </p>
  </div>
  <div class="feature">
    <h2>Easy to use</h2>
    <p>Both the election compass and the configuration were crafted to be as simple as possible.</p>
  </div>
  <div class="feature">
    <h2>Well crafted</h2>
    <p>Design, User Experience, Technical Implementation and Documentation are state of the art.</p>
  </div>
  <div class="feature">
    <h2>Multilingual</h2>
    <p>Provide the same election compass in multiple languages to engage a bigger audience.</p>
  </div>
  <div class="feature">
    <h2>Multiple algorithms</h2>
    <p>Choose your matching algorithm and answer style – three buttons or maybe five?</p>
  </div>
  <div class="feature">
    <h2>Community</h2>
    <p>You're not alone! We're building a helpful community here. Join us on <a href="https://spectrum.chat/openelectioncompass" rel="noindex,nofollow">Spectre.chat</a></p>
  </div>
  <div class="feature">
    <h2>Helpful Guides</h2>
    <p>Our technical and organisational guides will help you achieve the best results. Don't start from scratch.</p>
  </div>
  <div class="feature">
    <h2>Zero Coding</h2>
    <p>Made by developers, but not exclusively for developers. We have a nice editors for non-technical folks.</p>
  </div>
  <div class="feature">
    <h2>Single File Deployment</h2>
    <p>The simplest setup consists of a single HTML file. No PHP, Node.js or other required.</p>
  </div>
  <div class="feature">
    <h2>Responsive Design</h2>
    <p>Use it comfortably on any device and any screen – from smartphone to desktop computer.</p>
  </div>
  <div class="feature">
    <h2>Accessibility matters</h2>
    <p>Accessibility is not an afterthought. Designed with screen readers and keyboard navigation in mind.</p>
  </div>
  <div class="feature">
    <h2>Balanced Design</h2>
    <p>As little interface as possible, as much as needed and a little extra to make it fun.</p>
  </div>
  <div class="feature">
    <h2>Modern architecture</h2>
    <p>Built with technologies developers love – Vue.js, SASS, Nuxt.js, GitHub, Jest.</p>
  </div>
  <div class="feature">
    <h2>Kiosk Mode</h2>
    <p>Use the Kiosk mode to set up a terminal in a public place. Sessions will be destroyed automatically.</p>
  </div>
  <div class="feature">
    <h2><a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/@open-election-compass/client">Nuxt.js plugin</a></h2>
    <p>Easily embed an election compass into your Nuxt.js website and make full use of SSR.</p>
  </div>
</div>

## Roadmap :seedling:

This project is still evolving. Right now, we have the basic features needed, but there are many
more ideas in the pipeline. Some are coming in the next months, some are still in planning. But one
thing is certain – we're not done yet. Take a look:

<div class="features">
  <div class="feature">
    <h2>Zero-Cookie Analytics</h2>
    <p>Let people donate their answers for scientific research and statistics.</p>
  </div>
  <div class="feature">
    <h2>Peer-to-Peer sessions</h2>
    <p>Invite your friends to a shared session, see their positions and start a discussion.</p>
  </div>
  <div class="feature">
    <h2>Wordpress plugin</h2>
    <p>A lightweight wrapper for Wordpress will make deployment even simpler for non-developers.</p>
  </div>
  <div class="feature">
    <h2>Marketing Templates</h2>
    <p>Save even more time with professionally designed marketing material, ready to go.</p>
  </div>
  <div class="feature">
    <h2>Software-as-a-Service</h2>
    <p>No deployment is simpler than no deployment. Use our hosted solution and focus on your content.</p>
  </div>
  <div class="feature">
    <h2>Save progress</h2>
    <p>The election compass will remember where you left and recover your last session.</p>
  </div>
  <div class="feature">
    <h2>Election Reminder</h2>
    <p>Get notified on election day, to make sure you won't forget to vote.</p>
  </div>
  <div class="feature">
    <h2>Dark Mode</h2>
    <p>The election compass won't hurt your eyes during witching hour.</p>
  </div>
  <div class="feature">
    <h2>Real Life Mode</h2>
    <p>Print your election compass and use it with a pen and some instructions how to calculate the results.</p>
  </div>
</div>

<contributors />

Commit message:

feat: add link to ‚Patching Democracy‘ talk
Signed-off-by: Till Sanders <mail@till-sanders.de>

README.md, after:

---
home: true
heroImage: /oec-hero.png
actionText: Get Started →
actionLink: /guide/organisation/01-introduction.html
footer: GPL-3.0 Licensed | Copyright © 2019-present Till Sanders
---

<div style="text-align: center">
  <Bit/>
</div>

::: tip Watch the talk 'Patching Democracy' now!
2020 was a great year for the project. Not only did we see the first big installment in
Northrhine-Westphalia with over 120,000 users, but we were also invited to hold a lecture at the
[Remote Chaos Experience](https://rc3.world/rc3/event/rc3-40403-patching_democracy/). You can find
the talk 'Patching Democracy' here in full length: <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UGkGsCpC5M8>
:::

::: warning PROJECT STATUS
Version 1.0.0 is still under development and coverage of automated tests is not complete. It can already be used in production. Sign up for our [newsletter](http://eepurl.com/gRApTD) to stay in the loop.
:::

<div class="features">
  <div class="feature">
    <h2>Free & Open Source</h2>
    <p>
      As open and transparent as our democracies should be. Available for free under the
      <a href="https://github.com/open-election-compass/client/blob/master/LICENSE" rel="noindex,nofollow">
        GPL 3.0 license
      </a>.
    </p>
  </div>
  <div class="feature">
    <h2>Easy to use</h2>
    <p>Both the election compass and the configuration were crafted to be as simple as possible.</p>
  </div>
  <div class="feature">
    <h2>Well crafted</h2>
    <p>Design, User Experience, Technical Implementation and Documentation are state of the art.</p>
  </div>
  <div class="feature">
    <h2>Multilingual</h2>
    <p>Provide the same election compass in multiple languages to engage a bigger audience.</p>
  </div>
  <div class="feature">
    <h2>Multiple algorithms</h2>
    <p>Choose your matching algorithm and answer style – three buttons or maybe five?</p>
  </div>
  <div class="feature">
    <h2>Community</h2>
    <p>You're not alone! We're building a helpful community here. Join us on <a href="https://spectrum.chat/openelectioncompass" rel="noindex,nofollow">Spectre.chat</a></p>
  </div>
  <div class="feature">
    <h2>Helpful Guides</h2>
    <p>Our technical and organisational guides will help you achieve the best results. Don't start from scratch.</p>
  </div>
  <div class="feature">
    <h2>Zero Coding</h2>
    <p>Made by developers, but not exclusively for developers. We have a nice editors for non-technical folks.</p>
  </div>
  <div class="feature">
    <h2>Single File Deployment</h2>
    <p>The simplest setup consists of a single HTML file. No PHP, Node.js or other required.</p>
  </div>
  <div class="feature">
    <h2>Responsive Design</h2>
    <p>Use it comfortably on any device and any screen – from smartphone to desktop computer.</p>
  </div>
  <div class="feature">
    <h2>Accessibility matters</h2>
    <p>Accessibility is not an afterthought. Designed with screen readers and keyboard navigation in mind.</p>
  </div>
  <div class="feature">
    <h2>Balanced Design</h2>
    <p>As little interface as possible, as much as needed and a little extra to make it fun.</p>
  </div>
  <div class="feature">
    <h2>Modern architecture</h2>
    <p>Built with technologies developers love – Vue.js, SASS, Nuxt.js, GitHub, Jest.</p>
  </div>
  <div class="feature">
    <h2>Kiosk Mode</h2>
    <p>Use the Kiosk mode to set up a terminal in a public place. Sessions will be destroyed automatically.</p>
  </div>
  <div class="feature">
    <h2><a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/@open-election-compass/client">Nuxt.js plugin</a></h2>
    <p>Easily embed an election compass into your Nuxt.js website and make full use of SSR.</p>
  </div>
</div>

## Roadmap :seedling:

This project is still evolving. Right now, we have the basic features needed, but there are many
more ideas in the pipeline. Some are coming in the next months, some are still in planning. But one
thing is certain – we're not done yet. Take a look:

<div class="features">
  <div class="feature">
    <h2>Zero-Cookie Analytics</h2>
    <p>Let people donate their answers for scientific research and statistics.</p>
  </div>
  <div class="feature">
    <h2>Peer-to-Peer sessions</h2>
    <p>Invite your friends to a shared session, see their positions and start a discussion.</p>
  </div>
  <div class="feature">
    <h2>Wordpress plugin</h2>
    <p>A lightweight wrapper for Wordpress will make deployment even simpler for non-developers.</p>
  </div>
  <div class="feature">
    <h2>Marketing Templates</h2>
    <p>Save even more time with professionally designed marketing material, ready to go.</p>
  </div>
  <div class="feature">
    <h2>Software-as-a-Service</h2>
    <p>No deployment is simpler than no deployment. Use our hosted solution and focus on your content.</p>
  </div>
  <div class="feature">
    <h2>Save progress</h2>
    <p>The election compass will remember where you left and recover your last session.</p>
  </div>
  <div class="feature">
    <h2>Election Reminder</h2>
    <p>Get notified on election day, to make sure you won't forget to vote.</p>
  </div>
  <div class="feature">
    <h2>Dark Mode</h2>
    <p>The election compass won't hurt your eyes during witching hour.</p>
  </div>
  <div class="feature">
    <h2>Real Life Mode</h2>
    <p>Print your election compass and use it with a pen and some instructions how to calculate the results.</p>
  </div>
</div>

<contributors />
