guide/organisation/08-phase-6.md, before:

# Phase 6 – The Positions

*(after the workshop)*

Now it is time to let the parties answer and position themselves.

- Send the theses to every party. Until we have a tool to collect answers, use an online form!
- Make sure to also collect the logos (see the [Technical
  Guide](../technical/configuration.html#parties-logo)).
- Give the parties 2 - 5 weeks to answer, depending on your timeline.

In the meantime, prepare to publish the election compass.

- Prepare your media assets, take and collect photos, etc.
- You might want to prepare a stand on a public place or similar.
- Contact media outlets and tell them about your story.
- Contact the administration and ask them if they are willing to put a link on their website.
- Contact schools, teachers, youth organizations and sport clubs and ask them if they are willing to
  share some graphics and a link with their followers.
- You know someone who is a well-known member of society or has some other form of influence and
  followers? Get them involved, too.

Commit message:

feat: add support for new hybrid algorithm
Signed-off-by: Till Sanders <mail@till-sanders.de>

guide/organisation/08-phase-6.md, after:

# Phase 6 – The Positions

*(after the workshop)*

Now it is time to let the parties answer and position themselves.

- First, decide on the algorithm you want to calculate the matches with. This will also determine, how many possible answers there will be. For example: the default cityblock algorithm uses three buttons: Approve, Neutral and Reject. The hybrid algorithm is more precise and uses five buttons. You can read more about the available algorithms in the [Technical Documentation > Algorithm](../technical/configuration.html#algorithm).
- Send the theses to every party. Until we have a tool to collect answers, use an online form!
- Make sure to also collect the logos (see the [Technical
  Guide](../technical/configuration.html#parties-logo)).
- Give the parties 2 - 5 weeks to answer, depending on your timeline.

In the meantime, prepare to publish the election compass.

- Prepare your media assets, take and collect photos, etc.
- You might want to prepare a stand on a public place or similar.
- Contact media outlets and tell them about your story.
- Contact the administration and ask them if they are willing to put a link on their website.
- Contact schools, teachers, youth organizations and sport clubs and ask them if they are willing to
  share some graphics and a link with their followers.
- You know someone who is a well-known member of society or has some other form of influence and
  followers? Get them involved, too.
